I thought my bun looked a lot cuter when
I put it up a few minutes ago and now
I'm looking at it like Oh what was I
thinking somewhat better I guess okay
hey guys are we starting blogs in this
spot from now on I don't know welcome
back to another vlog I'm about to leave
my house to go get a few things for
breakfast practice knees party blessed
don't make comments I want to have a
bagel for breakfast and now that I have
my toaster what you guys can't see it
but it's literally look right there
there's my new toaster it's so pretty
I want to make bagels and maybe like
some eggs and sausage for breakfast and
then I'm also gonna go get Starbucks
which is why my Starbucks cup is right
there addicted like seriously addicted
I'm also going to my parents house today
to hang out with my mom for a little bit
and my stepdad and my uncle is in town
as well but also to take the dogs I
really want to take the dogs to like
some dog park that I found so it has
like jungle gym stuff for them too
jungle gym dogs don't have chocolate
chips it has obstacles for them to like
climb on and run around and stuff so I
really want to take all the dogs there
and then also I guess my mom said
Ferrari needs a bath so he needs to be
groomed so when I take him to get
groomed hopefully today they hopefully
they have an opening I tried to call but
they weren't open yet so I'm gonna try
calling in a little bit like a little
bit later also since I got a new phone I
decided to give Tyler my old phone I
have to sneeze again what's the heck
maybe it will pass I have to I have to
I'm deciding to give Tyler my old phone
because her phone is like bricked up
it's so messed up when she answers Kol
sometimes he can't even hear what she's
saying
so because I have a new one I'm just
going for my old one
and then also she's giving me her Apple
watch it wasn't like a trade like ever I
was just like she actually decided to
give me her Apple watch before I even
got a new phone and then I was like oh
well I'll just switch her for my phone
as well like I said it wasn't a trade
even if she didn't have an Apple watch
it still give her my phone and even
before I even got my phone and she was
still gonna get me her Apple watch
because that's just how we are but yeah
I'm gonna take that over to her as well
hopefully before she has class and then
what else don't have to do today I think
that's it just running a few errands oh
I'm going shopping with Alexis and Erica
later today for our Hospital bags well
again I've explained this before me and
Erica's hospital bags not Alexis Alexis
is not pregnant it's just me and Erica
erica is literally like a month ahead of
me and so she doesn't have her hospital
bag done any other dua so we're gonna go
today to try and get like all the things
for our hospital bag mine's pretty much
packed but I need like a bunch of small
things you know what I mean so yeah I'm
gonna take y'all with me I hope you all
enjoy the vlog and let's go get some
Starbucks I'm so excited I got suckered
into buying another external stuff I
already have this one this one's really
small though
here too like to one say how on display
and I really wanted the like to have at
this Christmas one that's like window
becomes pink and silver but I have as
early this morning my service edition
addiction is getting out of control
this morning I call literally all the
Starbucks in my area that's all the
target Starbucks in my areas and they
were all sold out of that Cup
[Music]
like I always such all up here even
though I have a tripod and I could just
place you all on my tripod but I get
lazy at times ok yeah y'all are a little
crooked for whatever ok so like I was
saying sorry I got a phone call from my
doctor and it was important so I had to
answer that I was on the phone for a
little bit with her but I got suckered
into buying this tumbler from Starbucks
because one you guys know I love black -
it's actually like a really sparkly
black but it's like a gentle Sparkle but
I was saying I really wanted to blinged
out Christmas cups that they have but I
called all of my Starbucks in my area
all the target Starbucks Meijer and they
were all sold out and so then I saw this
when I was like actually this is more up
my alley this is so cute
and I always could have been tea tea
tell me why this size is literally way
bigger then this one I've been paying
for a venti tea in this and they'll fill
it to the top I paid a venti for this
and I felt this to the top so obviously
I'm getting more for my money with this
size tumbler which I'm gonna be using
from now on I think the only time I'll
use this one is if I want like a grande
or if I get like a Frappuccino instead
of a tea also I know I just got a
tumbler literally the other day like in
the last book well that was yesterday I
don't know how far apart these vlogs are
uploaded but in the last vlog actually
got that like marble tumbler that I said
I really liked the only thing is I broke
it I really broke it that same day that
I bought it which was yesterday when I
was bringing all my stuff into my house
I dropped it and the top like broke in
half so great stuff great stuff okay
yeah I love this Cup this is so freaking
cute and
really happy with my purchase the only
thing as people won't know that I have
my tea in it when I posted it on
snapchat which I'm doing right now
inside my hair is getting worse and
worse as time goes by but now I got my
groceries I told her I got stuff to make
more fettuccine thank goodness it's
morning time so there's no line I'm just
behind like one person there's not
usually there's a long line of how long
work I hate coming here I should get you
know cards my only one who's like family
place that we know in the wintertime
like Christmas season cam home as you
obviously can tell I need to do the
dishes
the dishes have been sitting in the sink
for about a week now which is unlike me
but I just haven't found the motivation
to do them and make the longer they
sitting or the grocery look
I really want to touch that no also
thinking I might just have some sausage
with my bagels I was going to make eggs
but I don't think I'm gonna do that
anymore thing I'm just gonna have
sausage bagels and maybe some banana on
the side that sounds wonderful let's do
that
[Music]
breakfast is ready
I mean sausage bananas and bagels like I
said why does this look like I'm cooking
for my son already what gets all cut up
and everything little mini bagels I'm
doing myself but also got my Starbucks
half of its already gone
I'm just gonna relax and watch some
Netflix now so I'll see y'all in a bit
breakfast was diddly see also now guys
Ferrari is coming back home tonight I
think he's gonna be staying here
permanently so with that being said I
need to fix up the backyard because it's
looking a mess I'm gonna show you guys
right now basically I just need to put
like all the mulch down so that he's
able to use the bathroom
this is how it looks it looks a disaster
I'm not even really sure what to do with
this
yikes I think I'm just gonna start
blocking off this area waste
what kind of the mulch everywhere hmm
we shall see
so what I think I'll end up doing back
here is filling up the entire backyard
with black mulch and taking out these
like brick things because they're really
ugly I have no need for them because I
actually have a patio over here where I
could put like tables and chairs and
stuff like that so I think honestly
these things on the ground just these
blocks they need to go they're so ugly
the black looks really good as you guys
can see and by the way that's mulch the
reason I just had to do mulch back here
instead of grass like I would usually
want to do let me go back in the house
the reason I decided to do mulch and
grass is because mulch actually when the
dogs pee on it
it won't start to smell or like mold or
anything like that it's recommended to
use mulch when you have dogs my parents
use mulch in theirs as well I know they
have stones they have rocks but that is
why I decided to do mulch and I really
like the black they had like other
colors like red white but I felt like
white obviously would stain it Ferraris
pink on it and pooping on it I love it
quickly do my makeup and hair and then
it is going to be time to leave I was
going to go drop off the phone for my
sister but instead she's just gonna pick
it up once she's done with her finals
I'm actually gonna place it on my coffee
table right now so I don't forget so she
can get it when she comes there yeah I'm
gonna do my makeup I'll see y'all in a
bit
it's hours later my makeup is done I am
dressed and everything I thought was
gonna be a lot colder today than I
actually
the Sun is out sun's out buttons out
like clearly I could be wearing shorts
right now it's that hot but I brought
all the dogs to the dog park I stopped
at my mom's house and got them I got
diva Dutchess and Ferrari so now
well here's Ferrari he has a little
girlfriend he's not really paying any
mind to her but she's following him
everywhere he goes it's so cute I know
what kind of dog she is but are you
thirsty now
[Music]
it's like yeah look there's his little
girlfriend sniffing his butt
and then over here we have who is this
diva I know she's thirsty she doesn't
want to drink the water because she
doesn't know who's bold added and then
Dutchess
oh there's Dutchess hi Dutchess yes hi
Deva and this my little friend don't
know the friend's name
there's Dutchess we can on some water
Dutchess you're pointing shy there's
also a really big dog here it's a
chocolate lab she is so sweet guys she
literally like she's a dog
I was scared because Deva and Dutchess
get really like they don't like to be
bothered and they get really protective
and evil we got here Deva was already
barking out the dogs but I know she only
burns because she wants to be able to
sniff them so I put her down and let her
sniff and she stopped barking so she's
been fine since then but Dutchess is
very like Duchess in Ferrara again two
fights so I was scared Dutchess wouldn't
like want to interact with any other
dogs what she kinda is doing her own
thing she's kind of just walking around
by herself being unbothered
oh my gosh you can see like here's all
the dogs are right here and where's
Dutchess I think she's oh she's on the
side of that Bush I'll know if you guys
can see her we zoom in and try to get
her you can't see she's behind that Bush
Duchess Duchess what are you doing you
see her head Duchess Duchess this one's
getting jealous cuz I'm calling Duchess
outfit of the day yes yeah it's boots
I was surprised my mom was at home when
I got home I told her she could meet me
at the dog park but I doubt she'll come
here because she doesn't like stuff like
this but we'll see
we shall see
okay guys so hours later um left my
mom's house I don't even think I've
logged in my mom self I didn't I was
there for a little bit I was Alexis and
Erica Erica's in her own car though
we're about to head over to in-and-out
we went to the Dollar Tree first and got
like small stuff for our diaper bags
diaper bags are Hospital bags like you
know um toothbrushes kind of stuff
deodorant and then went over to Ross we
went for robes but we ended up buying I
want a blanket for me cuz I didn't need
that I was feeling so bad I want a
blanket for me and then Erica found
these really cute adidas outfits so we
both got one just like different ages
she got six months I got in nine months
really cute dudes outfits and now we are
going do you know we just know no one
could decide what to eat and it's like I
feel like it gets worse the more people
we are with you can really not figure
out where to eat like when you're by
yourself you're like oh I want this
there you go warriors tube it was like
I'm you pick it was three girls like you
guys pick and they're like oh but we
just decided to go to a now that's just
the easiest thing to do and I wasn't
really craving anything and neither was
anybody else
I had these on my headstone do you make
my belly looks would you guys I never
say I got number two not even know where
there's the numbers for those the orders
when I got the same thing I guess I want
to get number two right I don't know
what to order
there's three choices girl no I am stop
burger so burger it's when they put it
in like mustard and
the add pickles when I get off the
pickles put the mustard its mustard and
what else I think the sauce that makes a
bun in this that's really it's so good I
should I got that I did not show you
guys my in and out food at Target as you
guys can see we got carts because our
backs are hurting and we actually have a
reason we are pregnant backs are killing
us and we're tired alexis is back there
as well we're currently trying to figure
out which diapers took behind her after
after delivery so these are the ones
we're looking at right now and I could
wanted to get these freaking designs on
her diapers to be sexy but I was like
really it's twelve twelve diapers for
fourteen bucks so we're not doing that
but we're trying to find how long we're
gonna need the time so you're looking it
up yeah because we're trying to see if
we would need like 20 for nine bucks or
if we get 32 for 15 bucks which would be
better
so it's almost two weeks so week and a
half
2020 diaper is gonna last you a week and
a half that's to a day you're gonna
change I hope you can change it to a day
so 32 count
[Music]
hell away